Add 8HD lcd usage guide (#192)
radxa-docs/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/accessories/lcd-8-hd/lcd-8-hd-usage.md

5. Reboot the SBC to apply overlay and the display will output a screen.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="15pin" label="3A/3C/4SE">

### Ppreparations

- ROCK 3A/3C/4SE SBC

:::note
The ROCK 3C is used here as a demonstration, and other products operate in a similar manner.
:::

- Radxa Display 8 HD
- 15 pin to 40 pin FPC cable
- Power supply

:::tip
Recommended [Radxa PD 30W Adapter](/accessories/pd_30w).
:::

- Storage media with the latest official software of the corresponding product, please refer to [OS Installation Tutorial](/general-tutorial/os-installation) for the flashing tutorial.
- USB to TTL serial cable or HDMI monitor and cable.

### Procedures

1. Install the system disc storage media on the SBC

2. Connect the SBC and the display panel via the FPC cable.  
   The 40 pin terminal is connected to the display panel: pull up the black module of the FPC connector on SBC, insert the FPC cable into the slot, and then press the black module to fix the FPC cable.  
   ![Radxa Display 8 HD](/img/accessories/8hd-connect-fpc.webp)

The 15 pin terminal is connected to the DSI connector on the SBC:  

> Step 1: Pivot the white tab of the seat upwards  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: lift up the white tab on the FPC connector  
```
